and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business
growth show delighted to be joined by
nicholas
scalise today nicholas is the founder
over at growthmarketer.com
and is the host of a top rated growth
and marketing podcast
called growth marketing toolbox nicholas
a very well welcome sir how's it going
my friend
what's up sam great to be here excited
to chat man and we'll be talking all
about
landing page secrets so how business
owners
how marketers can skyrocket their
conversions get those juicy leads get
those
juicy sales flowing when it comes to
their landing page
but first of all nicholas why do we
actually need a landing page
what's so good about it why can't we
just send everyone to our website
yeah you know and most businesses do
send most of their
traffic to their website usually to
their home page and that's where
the problems are home pages are not
really meant to get people to take
action
homepages are the way i like to think
about it is a homepage
is meant to ask a question to the
visitor of what do you want to do do you
want to
learn about our services or check out
our blog or get in contact with us or
an endless number of other things right
there's so many different things you can
do on the typical
business homepage or even on a on an
e-commerce homepage
um and they're not really focused in on
getting people to take action
and so landing pages come along and they
try to solve that problem because a
landing page is built
for a specific audience and it's usually
built with a specific
offer or for a specific campaign in mind
and it really helps people take one
clearly defined action so it's those
three things together
um having that specific offer having
that specific audience that you're
speaking to and then having that one
clearly defined action
that when you put all that together on a
really nice well-designed landing page
that's when you're gonna see those sky
those skyrocketing conversions as you
mentioned
got it and we'll dig into those those
three top tips that you've got to share
with us very shortly
but before we do so just to add on to
the point made there nicholas so
rather than perhaps directing people to
a full website
and i'm sure many of us as business
owners marketers may have
several services or several products
that we offer on that site
is it that we're really trying to hone
in on one specific
offer um is it is it to avoid confusing
people to add clarity or is there a few
other things to bear in mind
yeah you got it exactly right clarity is
super important and
one of the the beautiful things about a
well-designed landing page is that you
can get your message through to
the visitor in a very clear and concise
way
there's a great book i love called
building a story brand by donald miller
and he likes to say
if you confuse you lose and clarity i
think we need to take clarity very very
seriously because if you don't have
clear messaging
and this also applies to your to your
website even if you're talking just
about
your overall messaging if you don't have
clear messaging what you're doing is
you're creating cognitive load and
you're creating friction
in the mind of the visitor and they're
just not going to want to take action
they're not going to want to continue
so your job as a marketer as a
conversion optimizer is to reduce
that friction reduce that cognitive load
and you do that by having clear
and concise messaging if you confuse you
lose that's probably one of my favorite
sayings
across websites and marketing and just
like you mentioned um building a story
brand by donald miller i love that book
great book
yeah i've read it a couple times where i
say red i tend to
do audio books because i'm a very very
slow reader but yeah i urge anyone
that's
that's wanting to up their website
marketing game just to get marketing
basics i mean even if you're a senior
level marketer this is going to send you
a heck of a lot of juicy tips in that
book so
it's a really really good recommendation
nicholas cool um
and just before we get into these tips i
want to
take a slightly controversial approach
because i've seen some great landing
pages in my time
and on the flip side i've seen some
terrible truly awkwardness
that um people are spending hundreds if
not thousands of years pounds
driving people too and i'm thinking well
this landing page doesn't really tell me
what it's offering
it's not that easy for me to get in
touch with a lot of other things that
you can point out shortly
so why do so many landing pages suck
first of all
and you know i've seen some landing
pages that i would say suck but they
still convert really well because
the most important thing on your landing
page is not the design it's it's really
in my opinion not even the messaging
it's the offer what is the offer right
if if i'm going to give away a ferrari
just as a crazy example
and i have a really ugly landing page
with 50 different form fields but you
know if you fill that form
out and you get through it you're going
to get a free ferrari right you're going
to do it no matter what because the
offer is so good
so that's why you really have to start
with a great compelling offer
because we've had clients where you know
we've redesigned the page and it looks
beautiful and it's responsive and it's
mobile optimized and it's just
stunningly well designed but the offer
sucks and it just doesn't convert so
you know the most important thing is to
have a really good offer i see a lot of
pages that
don't have a good offer and they're not
well designed and so that's like
sort of the worst case scenario but i've
also seen pages that are ugly
that have a great offer and they convert
well so start there
but really to get to the heart of your
question why do so many pages suck i
think it
comes down to two things they're not
built with a framework in mind
and when it comes to a framework there's
really two sides of that there's
uh the framework for building the page
it's not built with like a
a system and we can get into some of the
the systems that we use to build pages
and also it's not built with a framework
for testing because a lot of the magic
happens as you know uh not when the page
is is built but when you're
beginning testing the page using a b
testing multivariate testing
there's a whole bunch of new uh
artificial intelligence driven testing
and the testing is really where
you're going to see the the most results
if you do that type of
on you know on-page iterative testing
interesting interesting i like the
analogy with the ferrari
um so yeah so having a spicy offer
having an offer that really stands out
it sounds like it could be more
important than than even having a killer
design
having awesome content making it kind of
really easy for people to get in touch
and and do everything
so that's would you say that is the most
important thing the actual offering
itself yeah
absolutely i'm not saying you should
ignore the design you should really try
to have that perfect combination of
great design
great usability a great offer simple
messaging
and when you have all of that firing on
all cylinders that's where
the magic really happens and in most
cases it's it's hard to have a really
good offer
especially i know a lot of uh folks
watching and listening are
working at agencies right and so a lot
of times we as the
folks at agencies don't have control
over what the offer is
and so we're sort of just at the mercy
of what the client wants to offer
sometimes we can give some feedback
but a lot of times we're constrained
with what we can offer and how we can
position it
and so you sort of have to leverage
those other elements to make up for an
offer that might not be
ideal got it man all right well we've
been about the bush enough let's let's
get into these tips let's talk about the
framework let's talk about the plan
that we need to implement to to get a
landing page that's
ultimately to drive those conversions
and help us grow our business
yeah so i'd say the the biggest uh thing
is when people start learning about
landing pages
they might google what elements go on a
landing page or what makes up a good
landing page and what you're going to
see if you
google that and you look at google
images for instance you're going to see
a bunch of graphics that show you
elements your page should have a
headline it should have a call to action
it should have a
a button it should have a form and it's
like sort of like this lego
building block approach and that's how a
lot of people learn that's how i learned
about landing pages it was this
collection of different elements
and what i want people to do is sort of
change the way they think about it
and don't focus on the elements focus on
the questions that you need to answer
for the landing page visitor so the
biggest takeaway probably from this
entire episode
uh is don't focus on the elements that
go into the landing page
focus on the questions that you're going
to answer for the visitor for instance
when someone visits a landing page one
of the first things they're going to
think about subconsciously
is what is the big idea here what is
going on what is this page about right
and that goes back to what we talked
about with clarity
you want to create clear and compelling
messaging and you want to hook
someone very quickly with that with that
headline so
sure we could say you need a headline on
the page but i think it's more important
to say we need something on the page
that's going to capture someone's
attention right away
and give them that big idea in a clear
and concise way
and so you know by thinking about the
questions people have and then trying to
answer them on page
that i think is sort of the tectonic
shift in thinking that needs to take
place in order to create
really high converting and compelling
landing pages
yeah yeah yeah and that will make sense
nicholas and to dive into that
in a bit more detail i think that could
be compared like you said
you could just google what makes a great
landing page and you could just
like you say whether that's putting a
headline putting images putting like a
promo video having call to actions just
these
these features that you can stack up but
it doesn't necessarily mean it's going
to work
it's going to convert it's going to get
you the results you need um
so i like the point about answering
questions that your visitors may have
what does that actually look like and
feel free to use the carry on with the
the ferrari example
or any other examples that might kind of
get make this a bit more tangible
for both myself and the audience in
terms of how we could actually lay that
out if we are thinking about starting
our own landing page
yeah so we actually put a lot of
research into what are the questions you
need to answer for
the common visitor right it's always
going to be different there's always
fringe cases but
over the last i've been doing this for
11 years uh
really landing pages been focusing on
for about seven years
and i've identified about seven
questions that you need to answer
uh to make that landing page have the
best chance of converting so number one
is what we just talked about the clarity
question
of do i quickly understand the big idea
i'll go through the other ones real
quick and then we could dive into some
um but the second question is um a
relevance question
can it help me people want to know
what's in it for me right maybe you've
heard the phrase with them what's in it
for me
so you gotta really show people how is
this page or how is this offer or how is
this product
relevant to me specifically the third
question is do i like it and this talks
about affinity we call it the affinity
question because it talks about design
is the page visually appealing if it
looks ugly
right away you're going to have some
type of negative connotation with the
brand
so that's why that one's really
important to answer subconsciously the
fourth question is the influence
question
has it helped others and this is
probably the most obvious because you
need to have social proof
on your landing page to show that your
product or service or
company has helped others the fifth
question is the trust question do i
trust it
pretty self-explanatory but you need to
have a high degree of trust on your page
or else people aren't going to
buy anything from you the sixth question
is is there something special about it
what's the unique advantage
because people are comparing you against
all these different options and remember
they also have the option to do nothing
right it's not you or the competitor
it's you the competitor or
maybe people don't want to do anything
at all so you need to show how is
um your product or service really unique
and then the last question is how can i
take action now it's the action question
i've seen so many pages that hit on all
of these other six points and then
when it comes time to get someone to
take action the the button is hidden on
the bottom or
the form is really complex and confusing
so you have to make it very easy
for people to take action so if you can
answer those seven questions
we call that the seven question landing
page framework that's really what's
going to give you the best starting
point to launch a page
uh that has the best chance of
converting that's awesome and i feel
like we could probably end the podcast
on that
but we we won't because i've got plenty
of questions around each point um
so we've kind of touched on the clarity
maybe we could dive into that in a bit
deep in a bit more detail because
i see what i feel and i've i've drained
on about this in previous episodes when
talking about messaging um talking about
clear messaging for example
i'll use our own company web choice as
an example we used to
in our main headlines bang on about how
many awards we've won
why we're the best decisions yeah
basically make it all about us then i
realized no one gives a about us
right
what they care about is how we can help
them solve their problem um
so since then we've we've basically
geared it to what's in it for the
audience
as we'll get into in a set and we
specifically changed it to we help
businesses grow with seo web design and
web development services
um so actually talking about what we
offer but is there a
maybe you've got a framework maybe
you've not is there something we should
think about nicholas when we're actually
doing that
headline or that clear messaging to make
sure
it's clear what we offer and we're not
just bigging ourselves up we're more
making it about our customers is there a
way that we can think about how to do
that in our offer
whether that's our landing page or home
page yeah i mean there's a lot of
different approaches
a lot of copywriters will say you should
start with a
copywriting framework that's a whole
nother discussion that we could
certainly do
there's so many good copywriting
frameworks but unfortunately a lot of
them kind of feel
very formal and very i don't know it's
just like you could tell it's a
framework
so what i prefer to do is really start
with the research and try to get
what's called voice of customer data and
so um go
look at what previous customers have
said or previous leads in your pipeline
have said
look at testimonials uh a really good
source of data
is if you have inbound calls and people
are calling up on the phone
what are the first questions that
they're asking because those are the
things that are top of mind
and so you can then take all that data
and you know it's a lot of work you got
to mine all that data and make sense of
it
but from that data you're going to find
specific phrases that come up again and
again
that are top of mind and sometimes those
phrases are the very best phrases
that you should then inject into your
headline in your sub headline
because that's what your customers
saying so bottom line is whenever you
have the opportunity to really use the
the words and the phrases from your
target audience
go with that rather than just trying to
come up with something on your own
makes sense makes sense that's that's
really good so
moving forward to the relevant step is
that similar to what we've touched on
already in terms of making it about the
customer and what's going on for them
or is there a bit more to it yeah so can
it specifically help me like
what is in it for me versus the just
the average person or just like you said
you don't want to talk all about you and
and the company
uh so steps one and two are definitely
tied together uh step one the clarity
question or
the first question is really about
showing that big idea quickly because
people are going to make a
decision about that landing page within
the first seven
seconds or less and then that second
question can it specifically help me the
relevance question is really about
hammering home not just the features of
what you're offering but the benefits
like what is the outcome
i think digitalmarketer.com has this
really good presentation where they talk
about
state change and how as a marketer we're
trying to take people from a before
state
which is a less ideal before state to a
more ideal after state and so this is
where you really want to think about
what's that transformation
you're going to help people make and how
are you going to word it and how are you
going to position it in a way where it's
really relevant
to the outcome that they want to get you
know people don't want to buy a product
they want to buy what that product is
going to do for them yep so focused on
on the end outcome on the end results
gotcha
and the affinity steps so design
um and i know you mentioned nicholas
that this needs to obviously look good
look professional
yeah is is there a bit more to it should
we design it around what we think looks
good should we try and do it
our customers look good do we need to
strike a healthy balance or what are
your thoughts there
yeah and you know it sometimes it can be
as simple as adding
a logo to your page there's so many
pages that i review that don't have a
logo at the top and it and it just
creates this disconnect between
let's say you see an ad on facebook with
that brand on the facebook page and then
you go to a page
and there's no logo and it's like just
disconnected so it's
just a combination of creating something
that's holistic to the brand that you
want to represent
uh making sure there's consistency
throughout the page and also talking
about things like
usability and um you know the text and
the
contrast little things like um are
people able to
read let's say you have white text on a
black background or there's not enough
contracts
contrast between the text and the
background things like that can really
affect
someone's uh ability to consume the
information even if they're not
consciously thinking about it and that's
going to create sort of this negative
perception about the brand and the page
and it's going to be less likely for
them to take action
okay and are there ways that we could
or should be testing these things
in terms of making sure it's actually
working well
making sure our audience is actually
happy with whether it's the design
whether it's the
the other points we've discussed so far
and we'll get into um
and ultimately how we can test if
something's working effectively
or not because ultimately if we've got a
landing page we're probably going to be
wanting to drive some form of traffic to
it whether it is for
paid ads whether it's by social media or
our email list going on podcast or
whatever it may be
um how do we actually test the things
working and covering these points well
yeah so there's a lot of different tests
you can run um i like to run what's what
are called functional tests
very early on so functional test is just
making sure the page works that load
quickly
that's another thing that can affect
affinity if your page takes
seven seconds to load you've already
killed the affinity
metric right then and there so make sure
your page loads quick make sure it's
responsive on different devices so
that's another type of
functional test make sure you're
checking across mobile tablet
desktop all different types of browsers
and then also just check for usability
issues
is the form if you have a form on the
page is it easy to navigate and easy to
you know fill out like little things
like that all make up
the realm of functional testing which is
something you should do before you
launch
because after you launch really what you
should be focused on is a b testing or
multivariate testing where you're
testing messaging
and different ways of positioning the
offer but you know having that
functional
testing figured out early on is uh
really going to help you make everything
else a lot easier
gotcha gotcha and that all makes sense
so just hammering off the rest of these
points so we've gone through affinity in
terms of influence in terms of social
proof
this is a word i see certainly flying
about a lot on social and linkedin on
various other channels
um and perhaps you could give it
because i kind of know what my
definition of it is but i'd like to hear
your your
idea of it nicholas um and kind of why
social proof
why getting examples of happy customers
is
is so important in your opinion yeah i'd
say the easiest analogy i like to think
about is let's say you walk by
a restaurant and let's assume this is
pre covered because this is
this has changed a lot obviously with
with kobe but pre-covered if you walked
by a restaurant and you looked in the
window and you saw
nobody was in there at all do you want
to go in there and have lunch
probably not because it's an empty
restaurant maybe they're not moving the
food maybe something's wrong
but if you walk by that same restaurant
pre-covered and it was
i wouldn't say packed but there was a
healthy atmosphere in there there were
people enjoying themselves
the tables were full it looked like a
really
nice restaurant to to go to that's what
we're talking about here is people don't
necessarily want to be the first in line
all the time when it comes to
buying a product or filling out a form
or requesting an ebook or whatever it is
you're offering
they want to see if someone else has
already gone first
and they want to see if it's worked for
someone else so that's why i would say
yeah don't over complicate it
just try to answer that question of has
it helped others and
probably the best way to do it is with
testimonials and uh you know have that
authentic social proof but don't fake it
um try to make it as authentic as
possible with headshots and short
summaries and
you know first names and that type of
thing to really show that that this
product or service or whatever it is
you're offering has helped others first
yeah yeah yeah we'd love to get into
some golden rules when it comes to
social proof
in fact your analogy is far better than
mine i might have to steal that because
my analogy for social proof used to be
when you're sending a cv to so if you
want let's say you found a job you
really really wanted it's like sending
your cv
and showing off a checklist of all your
feats
um i this is a client we've helped in
the past or this is a job we've done so
basically showing off your accolades
yeah it's gone by whereas i really like
the
the restaurant online because it's so
true if you're walking past the
restaurant you're hungry
there's two stacked against each other
you're probably gonna think this one's
got no one in
right it's terrible this one's got loads
of things wrong i'm hungry
good well in fact it could be exactly
the same or the one that's that's empty
could be better it's just literally a
psychology of that interesting stuff so
yeah you mentioned using
testimonials using reviews for social
proof and you mentioned obviously not
faking those
is there anything more to it um than
just adding kind of a simple testimonial
slider
or whatever that may look like on our um
on our sites or is there a bit more we
need
need to do it until we just start
copying and pasting yeah
i'm you know i'm actually not a fan of
sliders and that goes back
to the the affinity question because um
when you have a slider and things are
sliding by really quickly it just
creates all this momentum and it's
sometimes difficult
to stop and actually read the
testimonial and it creates so
much like i see pages all the time where
they have like way too many testimonials
and that's why they need a slider
i would rather see a page with two or
three testimonials
that are clear short easy to read easy
to skim and that's it
and it gets to the heart but we also
have clients that don't have
testimonials maybe they're a new
business
and that's where we like to use
something called statistical social
proof which
are we've all seen it you've been to a
site where it says uh
trusted by over 15 000 companies right
so it's just a statistical indication
of showing in aggregate how this company
or how this
product has helped others so that's
another thing if you don't have
testimonials
you can mention things like how many
years have you been in business or
how many people have you helped or you
know how many courses have you created
or whatever
and that's also uh going to basically
show that social proof but in a more
indirect way
gotcha gotcha so essentially if we
haven't got those reviews ready
we can just take facts on our business
exactly delivered this many projects
right many clients built this many
frameworks whatever it may be
that's relevant until we start stacking
up those those reviews and
exactly those simple ones there gotcha
okay
and we might have covered this again so
the next point you had was trust
so is there more to it than just laying
down the social proof or
yeah so so trust i like to think of
trust as like a triangle uh with three
points
so trust comes down to credibility
reliability
and security uh credibility is ties in
closely with social proof
and so a lot of that is already being
taken care of if you have the right
social proof on the page but basically
you want to make sure people believe
what it is you're saying you want to be
credible
with reliability you want to make sure
that people
understand that you're going to deliver
on what you're saying if i say i'm going
to send you a free ebook
you better send me that free ebook and i
better believe it so reliability has to
do with your actions of
do people trust that you're reliably
going to deliver the product or service
that you say you are
and the third one is probably the
easiest to to solve and that's security
um so this is really important for any
type of e-commerce business
or any page where you're collecting
private information or sensitive
credit card information that type of
thing you want to make sure people feel
safe
when they're making that transaction so
you want to make sure your page is using
a security certificate
and you want to make sure that there's
let's say if you're offering a high
ticket
course that there's some type of money
back guarantee right so there's some
type of risk removal um security seals
can be very helpful here
so trust uh is really broken down into
credibility reliability and security
and how you can inject those things onto
your landing page
nice got it three good tips there and
pushing it forward advantage so near the
end of the the framework but
is that simply showing how we're better
than everyone else or is it is it more
against the the features we provide and
kind of the results that they
they provide for the end customer or is
there a bit more to it than that
yeah i would say it's all of that it's
really just keeping in mind that people
are
making a choice no matter what they're
doing even if they're choosing inaction
they're still making the choice
so you know these days if you look at
how people browse
on the web they're opening multiple tabs
and so if you are selling a vacuum for
instance
they're gonna click on the search
results and click on the ads for five
different things that come up and
they're going to compare
and so a good example in the vacuum
category is dyson
dyson vacuums their vacuums are not
that different from everything else but
the way they position them was different
because they had this
cyclonic technology right and everyone
started saying wow what is cyclonic
technology it sounds so interesting and
it was just a very unique advantage that
they had
and the way they positioned it to make
it stand out way
beyond a regular typical vacuum so you
just have to try to think what is it
that's
unique about your brand maybe it's a
product feature maybe it's the amount of
people you've helped
maybe it's your price point although you
probably should try not to make
price your only advantage because people
are always going to beat you up on price
but you just want to figure out what is
special about your product or service or
brand and how can you
uh share that with people gotcha gotcha
and then finally action which i guess is
ultimately the whole part
of why we've built the landing page
right why we've spent so much time or
money or effort driving people to this
landing page
because we want them to take action of
some sort whether that is
requesting a demo requesting the ebook
making the purchase are there any
kind of big yeses and big nose when it
comes to getting people to to take
action and kind of implementing call to
actions from from your side of things
nicholas
yeah so there's there's a really cool
framework that i recommend everyone
check out uh it's called
the fog behavior model and it's from a
behavioral psychology scientist here in
the states called
uh bj fogg basically what it shows is
that three things have to converge for
people to take action
and so i recommend everyone check it out
bj fogg does an excellent job of
explaining
what the principles are but basically
you need to have motivation you need to
have a prompt and you need to have
ability
and so just keep that in mind as you're
building your calls to action make sure
people can see them
make sure they can easily engage with
them and don't make them too complicated
that's really going to help you uh
throughout the entire process there's a
few things around calls to actions
nicholas that i've seen
yep um so something we've tested out a
web choice for ourself and for some
clients in terms of
kind of making them different colors so
they stand out on the page
in terms of perhaps making them
descriptive so for example if you're
offering a free demo or free ebook
um rather than just saying get it now or
having on the
contact forms like submit to get your
book
you make them explain exactly what
you're getting
now that's how you get your xyz now um
any any things like that that we should
kind of bear in mind or is that
like the crux of it really what we've
gone through yeah that's super helpful
so that's the the micro copy the the
button text and things like that
the other thing i'd recommend is if you
have a form on your page try to test a
multi-step form
usually those will convert a lot better
because it's easier for someone to start
taking action with one or two questions
rather than if they see a form with
seven or eight form fields so we've
seen situations where we've had as high
as 122
conversion lift when we just took the
same exact landing page
and switched from a single of a single
form where it had all the form fields on
the same page to a multi-step experience
and it just skyrocketed the conversions
because uh psychologically people are
more likely to engage
with that form if it looks easier to get
started and then once they get started
they're more likely to continue that
process nice
awesome man so we've gone through quite
a bit i'm sure there's a lot of
takeaways
um that i've certainly taken on board
and everyone tuning has in terms of
landing page are there any other tips
because i know we skipped off the beaten
track a bit
in terms of in terms of the main three
but are there any others that we need to
cover
before we look to wrap things up yeah
you know i
tried to keep it simple with that
framework you know we put a lot of
thought into that framework the seven
question landing page framework so it
covers everything i say maybe the only
thing we didn't mention
is the importance of mobile right now a
lot of people are still focused on
building landing pages for a desktop
environment
and then they mobile optimize it i would
suggest everyone flip that thinking it
takes a lot of work to think
mobile first and to build mobile first
but that's where the majority of traffic
is especially if you're running any type
of paid ads or facebook ads
the majority of your traffic is going to
be mobile so you want to put the most
effort into that mobile
landing page experience gloria makes
perfect sense
and to wrap things up nicholas so let's
say we've
we've followed all these best practices
we've done everything you've said we
followed the the seven step framework um
we've started doing a bit of marketing
to the the landing page perhaps we're
doing facebook ads perhaps doing google
ads perhaps we're doing email lists
or maybe something else are there any
things we should be doing once it's up
and running
once we're once we're firing all this
traffic to it
um are there any tests that we should do
ongoing once it's live
to make sure that this landing page is
is working effectively for us
um or what your thoughts on that
yeah testing there's there's so much we
could get into with testing that's like
a whole another
a whole other world but absolutely you
should be doing some type of a b
testing um that's where you're going to
be creating a different variant and
making one specific change
so you're going to change one variable
things that i recommend to test early on
number one would be the offer remember i
said the offer is the most important
thing
on the page so you could take the same
offer and reposition it or
call it something different and test
that and see if that converts better or
change the offer completely
other things you could change is the
framework of the page so for instance
going from a single step to a multi-step
form
that would be a nice framework a b test
that you could do that we do all the
time and it works really well
changing the messaging maybe you have
messaging that's very corporate for a
b2b
audience maybe you change it to a more
conversational
messaging format right a different style
so that's another thing you can test
and then also the final test that isn't
really on the page
but has a lot to do with the conversions
is your audience
test different audiences so we've seen
pages that um convert really well
with facebook traffic for instance and
then as soon as we run
um google traffic it falls apart so then
that tells us we need a completely
different page for
um for google so again like sometimes
it's not always the page that's the
issue sometimes it's the audience or the
traffic source so those are all
different things you could
try to test but i always recommend have
at least one test uh in play at all
times so you can learn from it
yeah and i guess nothing's ever gonna
work perfect off the bat right
so whilst you could strike lucky and you
could get engaged
sometimes through the chances are
like many things in marketing even sales
it doesn't work 100 straight away
that makes perfect sense understanding
what channels you're marketing through
yeah constantly tweaking optimizing and
measuring what's going on
um because ultimately that's that's what
every business is going to want right to
constantly up the flow of leads or demo
requests or sales whatever the
the end purpose is the end result that's
in focus for this landing page yeah
and following these best practices so
with that nicholas i want to thank you
very much for your time sir i really
appreciate the chat
and enjoyed talking about landing pages
today please do tell us more
about how everyone can learn from you
how we can connect with you and the best
way to get in touch with your good self
absolutely yeah you can check out
growthmarketer.com that's my
newsletter that's my blog and you can
also download a
copy of my landing page checklist i have
over 34 items on the checklist
that we run through every single time we
launch a new page you can check it out
at growth marketer
dot co slash checklist it's absolutely
free and if you
found this episode helpful i'm sure
you'd find the checklist helpful as well
awesome we'll put all those links over
in the episode notes at
businessgrowth.marketing
and with that nicholas i want to thank
you once again really appreciate you
coming on the show sir
awesome it's been a lot of fun thank you
so much cheers dude if you enjoyed the
show be sure to follow
subscribe to business growth show we
interview business leaders each and
every week
to provide actual tips across marketing
across sales or
the goal to grow your business and grow
your revenue with that we'll catch you
on the next episode